Team members: Jessica, Kenneth, Shiyang, Rohit, Kelly

# Goals
* Find commits for Kenneth, Shiyang, and Kelly.
* **We are still desperate for new issues, which has been the case for the past few weeks... help**
* Jessica and Rohit are working on the powerpoint. We'd like to finsih some of it and set up a schedule to rehearse the content.
# Discussions
* Contemplating life and what to work on next.
* Regarding unit tests, we can't really add more and we shouldn't script in additional tests. We can write and run tests locally, but they probably wouldn't be merged in.
* Tentative timeline for the presentation seems to be working on the presentation this week and rehearsing on Monday next week.
* We are also trying to see if there are any unmarked tickets that we could add labels to.
* Kelly is looking at [#29351](https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/29351).
* Shiyang is looking at [#29359](https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/29359).
* Kenneth asked the mailing list to see if the link to the mailing list should be included in the [Contributing to Django](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/internals/contributing/) guide. Currently it is only in the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://www.djangoproject.com/conduct/faq/). [Link](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/django-developers/-rrIRia5IuU)
* Shiyang: [Link] (https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/django-developers/zKg67LqyDfo)

(ง'̀-'́)ง (ง'̀-'́)ง  ᕦ(Ò_Óᕦ)

# Moving forward
* Finish [presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-mZcuNnQHFCkEX4B5840NFgzw2LV5JVFcQYlHF9mz1c)
* We will continue to look for tickets so Kenneth, Shiyang, and Kelly can get commits in. At this point though, all hope seems lost.
* Probably meeting on Friday to work on the presentation.
* Booked a room for rehearsing on Monday, LL1-25.


"If it has a small amount of good for a large number of people, that's... I mean I think that's fine. Like, stuff doesn't need to be 'change the world' just to be good." - Elon Musk
