Goals today: 
- Triaging and deciding on at least one more issue (Kenneth, Kelly and Shiyang need commits)
- Start on presentation? - [Link](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-mZcuNnQHFCkEX4B5840NFgzw2LV5JVFcQYlHF9mz1c/edit)

Triaging for issues  
- Django seems to be more or less dead for the last week or so
- https://github.com/django/django/pull/9825 - potential individual contribution for whoever wants to take it - comment on a PR that has been inactive for 20 sth days
- We're having trouble looking for another issue - we might have to fall back upon writing new test cases for our updated password list
- [Issue 29157](https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/29157) - we looked at it, decided that it's too hard and we're not qualified to do it. it's implementing a new issue, something to do with SQL and JSONFields. It'll take too long for us to figure out.
- We could still do the Farsi one - [issue #29122](https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/29122) - Kelly claimed it 
- [Issue #29056](https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/29056) - Date widget issue, assigned but the guy didn't do it 
- [Issue #27925](https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/27925) - Documentation fix. It's for Django 1.1 though, current Django version is 2.0

Tests
- We might have to do Password Validator unit tests (with respect to the https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/django/blob/master/tests/auth_tests/test_validators.py file)
- We can do manual tests and scripted tests
- And update documentation

To do Friday
- Get more work done on the Farsi issue
- Maybe one more?
- Someone work on unit tests

Plan for the rest of the semester
- Wed, 4/18 - Find a suitable issue and claim it
- Fri, 4/20 - Work on issue
- Weekend 4/21-4/22 - Rohit and Jessica start presentation, Shiyang, Kelly and Kenneth work on issue
- Wed, 4/25 - Work on presentation, rehearse
- Fri, 4/27 - Rehearse presentation
- Weekend 4/28-4/29 - Panic, practice
- Tues, 5/1 - D-Day


Presentation (What Professor Klukowska told us in Tuesday's meeting)
- Describe the entire journey
- including looking for an alternative
- What was it about this project that you picked initially, then spent a week for two looking for alternatives
and then why did you decide to stay with django
- you talked several times that issues were fixed within a few days of reporting, which is great for the project but horrible for newcomers trying to resolve it.
- Describing the whole process. Don't care much about seeing the actual fix and the actual code that you committed . Describe what the issue was, make sure that someone who's not familiar to django knows what the problem is at the high level.
- issues that you had: which password to edit, how to edit, what changed. 

More presentation notes - What Professor Klukowska said on Thursday's meeting
- organize them however you want
- emphasis will depend on specific projects
- brief intro to the project 
- how complicated was it to install dev environment
- what went wrong
- what went well
- did you do better than expected, etc.
- obstacles you had to go through
- how easy was it to collaborate with the team
- what did you do to establish the relationship 
- if you were going to do this again, would you pick the same project or would you do something else
- summary/description of your contributions
- no benefit in showing us code that we modified 
- there might be strangers watching 
- Demo - make sure you're using your own laptop 
- if it's just google docs and no live demo, use class computer 
