Team members: Jessica Fushada, Kelly Hogan, Rohit Motwani, Kenneth Yang (Shiyang Wang absent)  

Things we did:  
- New alternative time
	- Decided on a new alternative meeting time: Thursday 5-7 will no longer work. 
	- We're having trouble scheduling, but we tentatively decided on Friday 3:30-5:30. Need Shiyang's confirmation.
	- Update (3/27) - Friday 3:30-5:30 is good for everyone.
	- We might have to end up rescheduling every time if our primary meeting time doesn't work (which hopefully will never happen).
	- Our primary meeting time: Wednesday 2-4 pm. 

- Downloading required things
	- We all have python 3. (Rohit has multiple versions which are being a bit troublesome but he will resolve it)
	- We all installed development environments. (Need to check virtual environments)
	- Kenneth and Jessica on Windows, Kelly and Shiyang on Mac, Rohit on Windows and Linux if he gets it working.

- Joining the community
	- Signed up for mailing lists (users and developers)
  		- https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/django-users
  		- https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/django-developers
		- After looking at the users mailing lists, we decided to unsubscribe because it seemed more like a stackexchange/customer support and not too helpful.
	- Signed up for the IRC chat on freenode:
  		- https://webchat.freenode.net/ on #django channel
  		- We needed authentication to join the #django channel, so the steps required are:
  		- first sign in without authentication (just nickname and channel)
  		- It will tell you that you're not allowed to log in, so you need to register an IRC nick by this command: /msg NickServ REGISTER password youremail@example.com
  		- You will be sent an email to register with a validation command.
  		- and when you log back in to freenode, you can authenticate with your username and password.
 		 - at first glance, it looked like the IRC chat is largely like the users mailing list, which is not promising, but we'll let the conversation continue and judge
  		- IRC nicknames: page394 (Jessica), rdm403 (Rohit), kellyh (Kelly)
  		 After letting the IRC chat run for a while (about 30 mins), it seems like the activity is mostly people joining and quitting, and a very small amount of conversation
- Looking at tickets
  - Cleanup and optimization tickets look doable
  - Actual bugs do not look as doable. 
  - there are no new unassigned easy pickings as of right now, but the assigned ones look doable for the most part
  - Specific ticket we looked at and discussed: id #29233 - closed easy pickings ticket on optimization/cleanup
  - We need to check how often easy pickings tickets come by. The last easy pickings ticket was opened 5 hours ago, so we should be okay. We need to stay attentive for new tickets. Out of 5 easy pickings tickets, 1 is cleanup/optimization and there seems to be at least 1 easy pickings ticket per day. There are also a few assigned tickets that are not worked on, and we can check how taking others' tickets. 
  - Looking up protocol for assigning bugs: If accepted and there are no flags, there are no patches and we can write one. IF there are patches, they are in the verification stage and we shouldn't do it, but we can help verify. Assigned is a status, not a flag and means that it's a valid issue, not necessarily that someone has taken the issue (?). 
  - Assigned vs Accepted tag, we need to figure that out.
  - There are three easy pickings issues that are assigned but don't have a patch: https://code.djangoproject.com/query?status=assigned&has_patch=0&easy=1&desc=1&order=id
  - Specific ticket: https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/28290 - last update 10 months ago.
  - Found out that language bugs exist in Django, so that may be something we can help. We can do French, Hindi, Indonesian, Simplifed Chinese, and Spanish.
  - There are also 8 unreviewed tickets - by replicating the bugs and confirming them. Does this count as a contribution? On further inspection, they don't look easy.
  - Looking at new features to work on
  - Internationalization bugs - might be our best bet. 
  - Maybe to triage, we should send messages to assigned/accepted tickets that haven't been updated in a long time (low chances of replies, though)
  - Sheperding - assigning a member of the community who micro-manages the assignee - in charge of the issue. We could be "sheperds". 
  - Reference to how sheperding issues work: https://github.com/django/code-of-conduct/blob/master/reports.md
  - Promising ticket: https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/29122 - adding font for Farsi/Persian
  
  
- We are considering looking at different projects that might be easier to contribute to, because it seems that the django issues could be out of our reach.
  - Pokemon Showdown? a pokemon battle simulator. github: https://github.com/Zarel/Pokemon-Showdown
  - Reddit Enhancement Suite - last contribution in 2016
  - Yarn - nothing is easy
  - JARVIS (command line tool) - no easy issues
  - eslint - not a lot of first issues
  - dragula - no first timers only issues
  - Make kenneth start an open source project and add bugs so that we can fix them
  - JARVIS on messenger - nothing has been updated since november 2017 (the easy stuff)
  - Scrapy - looks promising at first glance
 
- Conclusion: We're going to monitor django over the weekend, and we might talk to Joanna on Tuesday on our decision.
- Plan: We'll monitor Django over the weekend, and start looking for alternatives. Regroup on Tuesday's class and decide.
 
- Things to do on Tuesday:
  - look at closed issues and see what the process is 
  - If time allows, dive into an actual open issue
  - 
- Things to do by Tuesday: 
  - confirm alternative meeting time
  - confirm that we're keeping django
  - monitor django over the weekend for easy pickings and maybe consider alternatives
  - Rohit - will find 2/3 closed issues for us to look at on tuesday
  - Edit/cleanup the minutes
  - Organize the django-team repo (folders)
  - Make sure that Shiyang reads the minutes and gets caught up (signing up for stuff and setting up django)
