minutes/minutes-2018-03-28.md, before:

Members: Jessica Fushada, Kelly Hogan, Rohit Motwani, Shiyang Wang, Kenneth Yang (all present!)  
Goals: find an issue in django that we can seriously work on or change to a different project and find an issue that we can work on

Django
- https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/28667
	- Opened 6 months ago, last modified 13 days ago
	- It was modified 13 days ago - changed owner because they didn't do anything for 6 months
	- Documentation issue, so we can maybe help
	- non-code
- https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/29122
	- Opened 7 weeks ago, last modified 7 weeks ago
	- The font doesn't look legible in Farsi
	- If we help, it should be just changing a few lines of code (changing the font)
	- We don't know Farsi though so we wouldn't know if it looks good - we can ask the community after fixing?

Translations
- on transifex.com
- Django - all the languages we know are translated
	- The Indonesian translation looks pretty shoddy though
- Karrot - We can potentially help for Chinese

Alternatives:
- Coalabear - Python package containing all the bears supported by Coala
- Hyper - A terminal in your web browser
- Karrot - seems like they work in bursts
- youtube-dl - lets you download youtube videos - there are only 4 issues, and they look hard

If we stick to django, the most we can do is:
- attempt one of the easy pickings tickets that we have posted 
- find and attempt one of the tickets that haven't been labeled easy pickings but is actually easy
- testing one of the issues
- testing one of the patches

Due the end of the week - We should have a concrete idea of what we're going to do on Sunday
- Jessica - translation/localization
- Kelly and Shiyang - alternative projects in general
- Kenneth - identify doable tickets as easy pickings that aren't labeled as such
- Rohit - monitor django
- Everyone - identify ourselves on the IRC chat and mailing lists (as Professor Klukowska suggested)
  
*"The best way out is always through." - Robert Frost*

Commit message:

Added some clarifications for alternatives

minutes/minutes-2018-03-28.md, after:

Members: Jessica Fushada, Kelly Hogan, Rohit Motwani, Shiyang Wang, Kenneth Yang (all present!)  
Goals: find an issue in django that we can seriously work on or change to a different project and find an issue that we can work on

Django
- https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/28667
	- Opened 6 months ago, last modified 13 days ago
	- It was modified 13 days ago - changed owner because they didn't do anything for 6 months
	- Documentation issue, so we can maybe help
	- non-code
- https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/29122
	- Opened 7 weeks ago, last modified 7 weeks ago
	- The font doesn't look legible in Farsi
	- If we help, it should be just changing a few lines of code (changing the font)
	- We don't know Farsi though so we wouldn't know if it looks good - we can ask the community after fixing?

Translations
- on transifex.com
- Django - all the languages we know are translated
	- The Indonesian translation looks pretty shoddy though
- Karrot - We can potentially help for Chinese

Alternatives (Not all are being considered, just have a list of what we've looked at):
- Coalabear - Python package containing all the bears (a bear is something that is meant to do some analysis on source code) supported by Coala (Possible)	
- Hyper - A terminal in your web browser (Possible)
- Karrot - seems like they work in bursts (Possible)
- youtube-dl - lets you download youtube videos - there are only 4 issues, and they look hard (Does not look viable)

If we stick to django, the most we can do is:
- attempt one of the easy pickings tickets that we have posted 
- find and attempt one of the tickets that haven't been labeled easy pickings but is actually easy
- testing one of the issues
- testing one of the patches

Due the end of the week - We should have a concrete idea of what we're going to do on Sunday
- Jessica - translation/localization
- Kelly and Shiyang - alternative projects in general
- Kenneth - identify doable tickets as easy pickings that aren't labeled as such
- Rohit - monitor django
- Everyone - identify ourselves on the IRC chat and mailing lists (as Professor Klukowska suggested)
